I I started coding very early in high
school. My like first language was C.
Just got very kind of obsessed with.
>> So what is the best way for people to
understand FML roll up?
>> When I got into uh crypto and and
blockchain, I realized like the insane
like uh computing power that uh you need
for training a large language model. I
just felt like I could contribute more
in into crypto. you have this impression
that everything is broken and and you
can build your own way like you can be
very impactful. Every day there are like
10 15 ideas that if you take on it you
probably will be very very impactful if
if you if you ship it.
>> Hello hello hello hello. Welcome to
another episode of the one day devs
podcast. Today we have with us my good
friend Gabriel from Magic Block. Welcome
to the show Gabriel.
>> Thanks for having me. It was a pleasure.
>> Awesome. Um
so we we like to do this thing where you
know we talk about
uh the journey of the founder. So if you
can I I know you used to work in in AI
and then you you know made your
transition to crypto. Do you want to
talk about it like how did you get into
crypto?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I guess I I can
like start from the origin very quickly
and and then like go till till today
where we are at. Um but yeah, I I
started coding very early um in high
school. My like first language was C.
just got very kind of obsessed with uh
you know knowing how things work, how to
fix stuff, how to build things and and
and then after that um you know that's
that time in your life where you have uh
time to experiment and so I was uh I
started building apps uh for mobile uh
that point was Java for for Android and
I published some of those on on mobile
on you know play store app store and um
after that I I I kind
I was building games. That was like my
kind of passion in high school. I was I
was like uh building and try to kind of
get a a game working and experimenting
with with different tax. Um that was
kind of like my initial parenthesis. And
after that I did a major and um computer
science uh specialized in AI um in Italy
and the University of of Turin. And
after that I joined a startup. Um in
this startup they were basically
offering the the Wi-Fi uh the guest
Wi-Fi in like big big venues like
airport or um you know big uh um big
shops big big venues and their their
core product was basically indoor
geoloccation. So they had this
sophisticated solution where a neural
network was like uh triangulated the
signal of uh the receiver uh mostly like
cell phones and like getting a precise
estimation of where uh people were like
navigating into an indoor environments
and on top of that there was like a
analytics and like extracting data so
you could like observe common pattern or
like where where people were like going
to a venue where they were spending most
of the time. or like uh things of this
nature
and it was like a interesting
interesting work. After that I I joined
IBM uh IBM research. Um initially I was
working on uh AI for fraud detection in
in the healthcare system
and in research as uh it's like a almost
like a startup but uh with the funding
of of a big company. So you work on
multiple projects. And so after this
this work on fraud detection, I've I've
worked on uh um using language model for
protein discovery and material
discovery. So given like certain
properties that you're trying to
optimize for um predicting like a
protein structure that uh then they will
synthesize in the lab and and you will
rank uh using using this AI model uh the
most likely candidate that will then
have that that given properties and
different other things like I've been
working on symbolic reasoning and it was
pre chpt uh release it was like
interesting times where transformers
started to be kind
widely adopted but it was still um was
still to certain level niche. Um so
there was a lot of experimentation you
know how how you train a model how you u
empirically like um get like fast uh
clean training data and all of like the
optimization of of that nature that I
can by I guess by now are kind of pretty
pretty standard. Um and that that's also
when I got into uh crypto and and
blockchain. I realized like the insane
like uh computing power that uh you need
for training a large language model and
I was experimenting with federated
learning and distributed model uh um
training and that's when I kind of uh
got into into crypto and blockchain as a
way to kind of build the orchestration
layer of how you train um uh this this
sort of distributed model. Um
unfortunately it's it's more like I
guess like a project that works better
in a startups like big company cannot
take a risk and you know launching a
coin or everything is like highly uh
sensitive to the policy of the company
and uh and so I didn't I didn't manage
to push it forward but like it was my
entry point in that and u and yeah
anyway I just got interested in uh
bitcoin first you know the white paper
fall in love with it ethereum we've been
like I was doing some experiment in
solidity and then eventually like
stumble upon Solana just got interested
about the tech and uh quickly also kind
of experimented with it fast and cheap
and and got the idea of where um the the
vision of Sana was going and and
therefore like yeah I started like
taking vacation going to a houses there
were like this one event that Sana was
was doing at the at the at the beginning
of uh you know where they were pushing
the ecosystem. So it was taking one week
vacation going to those events and and
then at some point in one of those a
house that that's when we we started um
I guess we can go deeper into that
later.
>> Yeah. And also I think I see this
pattern where interestingly to also you
know used to
during the early case of deep learn you
know the deep learning case there were a
lot of these GPUs. So the back the story
of Salana is also that now that you you
have this so much GPU can you actually
um
build
a a blockchain that leverages these
GPUs right uh so there's like a lot lot
of interesting folks who have you know
used to BA adjacent or used to build
infrastructure for AI and then are in
block so switching gears through magic
blog, right? So I I remember the first
time we uh spoke to each other or you
know got in touch with us when you guys
were running speedrun and also you were
you had this unity SDK for people to
build games. So from
so today it's like you know magic block
is its own rollup if I may call it it's
a network extension on Salana you guys
are building a mirror rollup so c can
can you talk about the you know your the
how you got into this problem space and
you know what magic block is doing
today.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I guess I guess
I guess I can continue the story. Uh as
I mentioned like uh in one of these Zach
houses um we initially started um
building a project that then like evolve
over times and and and then becomes
magic block. Um but yeah the story is
like I I was uh as mentioned going to
these acra houses and one of them was in
Dubai and my co-ounder Andrea uh was
living there. So it just like uh reach
out and knew it was was working on in
crypto was like on working on one of the
first bridges between bitcoin and like
several other chains. So I just like
reach out, hey, I'm coming. Are you
going to this one a house? And that's
when we started kind of building. We we
started with a game. Um and uh we didn't
want any tradeoff in um using an API
like I didn't want to experiment with
the blockchain and started by
integrating an API in a game. I wanted
to kind of build uh serialize, create a
transaction, sign a transaction
completely within uh within the game and
then directly send a transaction to the
blockchain. So um it was a simple game
sort of a Pokemon Go where you go around
mint NFT validate GPS
um coordinates. Um but I was still
fairly early in Solana. Like the um SDK
tooling was uh almost almost like
frankly broken. And there was a lot of
uh a lot of uh places where you kind of
had to fork the repository go into the
source code and and you know implement
your your own solution. and and so
during that uh that arrows uh I ended up
forking there was like an existing SDK
for unity but it didn't work so I kind
of end up forking it and then uh like
forking other lips and by the end of the
Ara I was like we almost like
reimplemented the SDK uh completely and
we managed to make it make it work uh
for like signing creating transaction in
game and um and and like ship the basic
version of of the game but yeah end of
The story is um this SDK we decided to
uh open source it after the after the
arrows and it got traction. There were
teams that uh were kind of looking for
something similar. They they wanted to
build their own like on training game.
didn't want to take trade off of of
using an API and and so it got traction
other people started using it partially
contributing and and then we got a grant
uh from Sana to kind of continue
improving and and working on on the
Unity SDK which which is still still
available today still um MIT like we
maintaining best effort but like gladly
now the community is also supporting it
sometimes fixing bug and opening pull
requests and and so that that was the
origin story. Um, at some point I kind
of decided, okay, let's let's do the
jump and I I left my my job uh at IBM,
not because I didn't like it. It was was
amazing, like super interesting stuff,
but I I just felt like I could
contribute more um in into crypto. Like
you have this impression that everything
is broken and and you can build your own
way like you can be very impactful.
every day there are like 10 15 ideas
that if you take on it you probably will
be very very impactful if if you if you
ship it and and so from there like we
went fulltime with the idea of building
fully on chain games and so it's a still
fairly niche category of games where all
the state and state transition are
completely on chain no API no offchain
logic
and uh and it was it was bare market so
even even if there was
not not many transaction, no congestion.
We uh reached the the limit of what you
could do on the L1. Um essentially like
you know even using in slot uh process
commitments and all of the optimization
that you can do with a with a with a
existing infrastructure you couldn't get
to the end to end latency that uh for
certain category of games will feel kind
of natural for for the user. And so
that's when we kind of went back to the
white word and and and decided okay
let's try to build something that um
will still um be aligned with the vision
of like a fully decentralized
uh machine and uh still um you know be
composible with the with the ecosystem
but at the same time allow us to get um
end to end latency realtime performances
that is um impaired with what would be a
server for a for a game or or an
application.
And um and so this was u um summer 2023
and um at Breckpoint 2023 we presented
ephemer rollups our old unit which kind
of outlined the design of um of what we
call ephemer rollups this solution that
essentially can um take a subset of the
state from Salana. It clones just in
times the the smart contracts and uh all
the readable accounts and then it could
operate with low latency on uh on the
accounts that are delegated to one
specific instance. And um it also has
like um an architecture that allow
basically to colllocate this just in
time instances close to the user. And so
if you process a transaction
in between one and 10 milliseconds and
you're close enough to a machine um end
to end, you can stay below 50
millisecond and that's when you kind of
unlock the new category of games and
apps that uh require this uh this
latency
and and yeah that was like when we uh
presented the first time rollup was was
still like um I think not a word that we
will hurt in uh the Solana ecosystem.
Still nowadays it's it's kind of like a
bit orthogonal to the vision of Salana.
Um but because of like the nature of of
the family rollups basically uh we we
think we found a way to basically be
aligned with overall vision of bringing
a state machine that is global and um at
the same time have like the um the
scalability and the latency that that
you need. Um I guess I guess finally
like if I have to to describe the
solution to a developer I probably don't
use the word rollup I would describe it
as a multi-threaded application where
your sana program is the main thread and
it can then dispatch uh computation to
um other threads that are executing this
fast colloccated SVMs and then they can
collect and uh get back the computation
and they can kind orchestrate the the
flow in the logic of the application
from the main thread which is the S um
um smart contracts and um and yeah so
then uh going I guess fast forward to uh
February the next year and uh and I
guess to today uh there was like a a
huge Solana um congestion mostly because
like Solana was not performant as it is
today. there were like several issues
like related to RPC and like different
part of uh of the stacks which which now
are are way more solid and and scalable.
Um but anyway we got um we got kind of
interest from several other use case not
gaming related that uh required kind of
the same uh properties and so we kind of
evolve uh even if we build already with
the idea in mind to make it in a way
that's general and scarable um we evolve
to supporting like other use cases like
you know high frequency trading or uh
DPIN and and that's That's where uh we
are today.
>> I I have a question Gabriel. Uh
so what is the best way for people to
understand ephemeral roll up right? U
because especially on the Ethereum side
of the world you know there's like
different a variety of rollups. So in
within that niche what exactly does an
ephemeral rollup mean? And also
especially within the context of Solana
I think Austin some tweeted sometimes
saying most rollup like things on Solana
are better thought of as network
extensions than L2s or rollups. So where
exactly does
you know magic blog fit with fit fit
within this rubric or is it something
entirely different?
>> Yeah that's a very good question. We
actually had very hard time when we were
like uh coming up with a name. Okay, how
should we call it? It's like a
decentralized engine. It's like is it a
rollup? Is it something else? And then
we ended up like choosing ephemeral
rollups as is like best best way to
describe it. Um but but like you're
saying mostly it's it's a very unique
solution. I don't think there is any
architecture that um it is sort of like
equivalent. Maybe um maybe state channel
are the closer architecture to ephemer
rollups uh even if they don't have a
full uh VM. So ephemer rollups do have a
full SVM you can run arbitrary smart
contract within uh within uh within
ephemer rollups but I guess yeah the
closer comparison in traditional like
architecture would be would be state
channel and and yeah as you pointed out
like Austin Federa pioneer this this
network tension and we were like um one
of the company and like solution that
invention um because like essentially
there there was a need to describe this
this new category and there was no real
like uh term or name that will fit uh
perfectly what what we were building and
um and I guess partially uh that's due
to the to the to the fact of like
architecting from like a Solana uh
native uh uh perspective like I think
initially we didn't look too much into
all the existing like L2 architecture we
just told from first principle uh what
would make more sense with a SVM uh
architecture as a way to kind of uh get
um get low latency real-time
performances and and there are there are
few uh unique characteristics of the SVM
that makes makes our architecture
possible and it wouldn't be possible on
on EVM and ju just to name a few um
sometimes like this this sounds like
smaller difference but they're they're
actually huge in in the and and the
their comp compounding effect like the
separation of the um like the account
model and the separation of the state
and the logic is core of um is core of
the paralization the you know mechanics
that is within the block in so it's also
core of uh our solution um because
basically if there's no state contention
um you can execute in parallel
transaction that don't write to the same
state and it's fairly easy for a
sequencer um to like um parallelize
because all the transaction declare up
front all the state that a transaction
is is writing and and reading. So this
account model where um everything is
like an account is just data buckets.
It's just a bunch of bytes. But smart
contract are a specific type of accounts
that are only readable. They contains
the logic of your smart contract. you
can potentially just like uh clone it
just in time, clone it locally, clone it
everywhere and execute the same logic uh
which is stateless in any uh SVM uh
runtime. And all the all the smart
contract control state only indirectly
through uh through PDAs, program drive
addresses and so you only care about um
who has uh ownership and who can change
those PDAs. And so the the core um idea
is that instead of um moving everything
to a rollup, we can basically just lock
and and delegate a subset of of those
accounts and then the FM rollup will
basically be able to clone just in time
the logic. the smart contract then
execute the same logic for doing state
transition on the subset of the state uh
which you can then independently uh
commit and set up before unlocking those
um those uh those PDAs and uh and yeah
that's that's that's kind of like one of
the core uh differences that um make
make our architecture possible. Another
another big difference is that Sona is
actually fast and cheap and so it can
actually be used as uh as an execution
runtime and it actually should be used
for anything that is critical and as I
was mentioning like we see FM rollups
more like a multi-raded uh Solana smart
contract where you still use your your
main trade your main thread your your
like smart contract on Solana for um all
the critical uh logic and then you can
get these extra uh fast and and shipped
sometimes threat that um are are are
used to bring what would be impossible
otherwise. Um so rather than like trying
to have an alternative to what um
running on Solana, we're trying to kind
of unlock the new generation of apps and
games that are not possible today and uh
we think are going to be uh onchain in
the next in the next uh one two years. I
think one analogy that jumps to my mind
is in for example in a typical webto
architecture when you have a database
and you have very specific hot keys that
are extremely read heavy you would take
them and put them on a cache. So this is
kind of like the the inversion the
inverse version of it where you have
specific hot keys which are right heavy
and you kind of know the access you
these access patterns are predictable
and you want very high performance. So
you want to put them on a se you want to
delegate right access and put them on a
separate environment so that you could
do much much more faster. So this is
kind of like in the web two world you
would have cache like you know you you
would have reddis or mem cache in front
of your database but in the web3 world
for instead of read for rightes you have
these dedicated accounts on an ephmel
rollout.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I think that's a that's a
great analogy and um I as you pointed
out like you can know beforehand like
the pattern of what what accounts are
kind of hot account that you're often
writing. Um but another like interesting
pattern that we're seeing is that
because the uh this delegation is part
of your smart contract logic um this
could also be dynamic like you could
record how many um like the frequency of
a given instruction on mainet in a time
frame and if this exceed a certain
threshold then uh you offload the work
uh otherwise you just run it on uh on
mainet and so it gives you like uh an
interesting in kind of design space
where um you could kind of know up front
um what most likely is going to uh need
low latency or some some kind of extra
extra features and then run it in the
firmware rollups or it could be dynamic
and encoded in your in your smart
contract and everything works
transparently. Um and and you can al
also go back like in case you want to
CPI into another smart contract then
that's when you kind of bring back the
account's normal state and then you
remain composible. If you're like uh
operating in a isolation then you can
like bring it in do state transition
close it and then and do something else.
So yeah it open up the design space
that's uh absolutely a good good
analogy.
>> Awesome. and also keeping up with I mean
it's kind of like you know now on the
salons themselves are working extremely
hard to you know increase bandwidth and
reduce latency. So in in a way it's like
you are also like
you know working in your own way to do
that. So that that must mean you are
dealing with like extremely
hard engineering problems. So I would
love for you to talk about some of these
you know hard engineering problems that
you are uh you know tackling at magic
blog.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. We we have a lot
of interesting I guess problem and in
different categories. Um
the category of problems are um around
synchronizing uh with Solana state uh
because like it's a in insane like
number of um accounts and say transition
that are happening um all at once like
you need to basically keep track and
selectively um pick what's relevant for
your FM rollup systems. we're we're kind
of
designing the system in a way that can
run on sort of commodity hardware. Um so
we don't run them on um beefy machines
and therefore like there is uh a lot of
optimization around what stage is
actually relevant for um the subset of
the accounts that you're you're writing.
Um so that's one and um the same is for
the other way around. Whenever you
you're going to you are syncing back
state there are like still challenges
you know in landing transaction or what
you know typically would you would call
a sequencer how you um sequence all uh
all the updates and state transitions
and that open up obviously another big
uh category of of problems around how
you prove state transition. Now you
prove that the validator is not uh
malevolent. It's not pushing just like
an arbitrary um say transition collusion
and any problem of of this nature. is uh
um I guess we don't have time we can go
deeper into that but like it it probably
will take a couple of hours to to
summarize all the different approaches
that uh exist to the you know optimistic
DK uh solution in the middle that that's
like another kind of very sophisticated
and uh engineered a part of of the
system there are also um a set of
problems related to the deployment
itself. Um
the system obviously is uh optimized for
executing transaction as fast as
possible. Um but because of the
collocation aspect how you deploy the
system also make make a big difference
in end to end latency. So you want to
have a system where um pretty much
anyone connecting to the network have a
machine that uh give him sub 50
millisecond latency. uh and that's like
some challenges around how uh many
instances how to keep uh constant up
time how to deploy and like a reliable
reliable way and um and yeah then there
are all uh all um the challenges related
to UX and and the vax um how do you uh
kind of abstract away the complexity of
the system? How do we make it easy for
developers to um start and have like a
hello world solution working in like
five 10 minutes max and these are pretty
common like uh challenges in salon as
well. So the the great um great things
about being like uh in the same
ecosystem and pushing the same ecosystem
is like we work in open source we use
the same SDK that Solana use and we also
contribute. So uh partially it's like
a team effort like a cross team and like
a solan effort as well. Uh but obviously
like there are challenges around uh the
specifics of how you make it easy for
developer to to start using your system
and and yeah I guess I guess I mentioned
a bunch of categories and and you can
imagine if you want we can unpack some
of those but definitely a lot of
interesting problems uh that that we're
working on.
>> That's awesome. two things that I'm
curious about we could get into it. So
for you mentioned collocation right so
is it when I say collocating is it like
collocating with the validator it's so
the what kind of use cases require
collocation is it runs or you know a
purps and then they need to collocate or
>> yeah yeah I mean uh when I um when I
mention real time uh just to define it
more more clearly are all the use case
that um require latency which is like
typically below 50 milliseconds and
latency specifically I mean end to end
latency. So from the time you send the
transaction um to the time you get back
the result of your of your transaction
and that include the state state
transition happening on chain and
reflect the chain to anyone that is
watching the same state and this is like
um critical for well where we started
games obviously like if um you have more
than uh 50 millcond or 100 milliseconds
your game start to lag and that kind of
break the experience for the user. uh
but that's also true for high frequency
trading and I guess nowadays there is a
this huge narrative around COBS and how
to achieve um uh latency that is also in
this range and that's another use case
where uh collocation is extremely
important and another use case that we
are kind of um experimenting and and
getting like interest from a lot of
project is deep um there are like
different use cases. Um I we have we're
working like in a pilot with uh multiple
projects that uh require like fast
response times and they are
nowadays using a server for getting the
the latency that they need and then they
kind of uh batch or build inhouse their
their solution for like posting
periodically on chain but that's like it
overly complicated and uh they have a
lot of issue on that on that front. So
like that's when you you could basically
uh switch from that server architecture
to to ephemer rollups and and and and
yeah I guess apps as well like if you
imagine
uh bringing on chain um
other other use cases like you know
could be a social network it could be um
apps that people use daily um fast uh
response times is is kind of critical
and so any state transition
uh becomes uh sort of uh critical in in
in latency in latency terms and uh and
and yeah so that's why collocation
matters in in these use cases.
>> That's awesome. How how do you uh the
earlier when we were chatting you
mentioned the team is like now 17
members right that's like in the last
span of one year just like team has
gotten so big how how do you uh how do
you maintain like a high performance
engineering culture at magic blog
>> yeah yeah that's the one million
question and like it's it's I guess one
of the complex part in in running a
company like finding and and and and
retaining talents. Um I I think I think
it's very important to uh do the right
uh first hired correctly. um first team
members are are going to kind of
compound the culture and the mentality
of the company and I think it's start
with the founder first like you know
being like very kind of uh transparent
oriented that's uh those are kind of
things that we we value but like the
first hire of of a team are are going to
be critical because then they are going
to compound in like the next hires and
eventually they're going to compound in
in the company and eventually in the
product itself. I I have this impression
that or this theory that um if I use a
product or uh a platform, I can probably
get a sense of the theme that is behind
that product just by you know the look
and feel and uh design choices or um or
you know if I use an SDK I I can kind of
get a sense of or I have the impression
that I can get a sense of uh what what
are the the people behind that and and
and so I I I really like think it's it's
critical u to hire correctly in the
first hires and then like that that's
going to simplify the the next hire. Um
I guess I I can make an example like we
were like our first hire was uh Torsten
which is very uh kind of I guess known
in the Solan ecosystem. He built uh SDKs
and and tools like Shanks and Solita
that are uh widely used uh daily uh
developer life and it was also like a
huge uh contributor on open source and
so it was like a perfect fit for us. It
was like very very much aligned and I
think this this kind of compounded in uh
all the other people that joined the
company afterward like everyone is kind
of very passionate about open source
contributing pushing the ecosystem
forward.
And um and yeah, that's that's like what
what I like to to kind of um
maintain as a as a as a high bar. I
guess more it's more like a cultural um
cultural fit to the company. In term of
engineering, I think the same principle
apply common like knowledge of a player
um uh you know get other A player and so
again like if you pick carefully the
first employees then uh they're going to
be part of the selection processes of
the next people maybe they have a friend
maybe they uh they interview someone and
they they kind of get the sense that it
could be a strong engineer and so that's
that's why uh again it it compounds to
to the company and I don't know if if
the question is more like about the
process or how we hire if if if it's
interesting.
>> No, I think the the this makes perfect
sense. I was I also especially being
like you know a open-source company
working a lot of your work out also goes
out in the open right so I'm I'm curious
how you do you weigh open source
contribution heavily
>> open source is definitely a big plus if
uh anyone like any candidate has a
strong contribution um it's uh one a
good signal that uh is going to be
comfortable and aligned with the way
we're working. As you mentioned, we're
um working in uh public repository. So,
we're building in public and and that's
like comfortable for people to that are
used to that workflow, but could also be
uh uncomfortable um to some degree if
you're if you're not used to that like
you know all the all the issues, all the
pull requests are public. So, you you uh
you are exposed to anyone uh which which
is is great. Obviously, we like that.
Um, but it could be uh uncomfortable for
other people that are not used to um to
build in public. Um,
I think that that's like uh if a
candidate is is strong doesn't and
doesn't have like open source uh
contribution is, you know, it's not uh
it's not a bad sign maybe to just like
uh work in a company where they didn't
have the possibility to kind of build uh
open sources. Sometimes it's not your
your choice, right? It's it's the
company choice. uh if maybe you're
working super cool stuff um but the
company has a policy don't uh create
open source don't release as open source
uh then I don't think it's uh it's your
fault right and but but anyway like you
will get the scent while like
interviewing and having a conversation
with the engineering if they work
something quite interesting um so yeah I
guess it's a plus uh but it's um it's
not it's not mandatory
um one one things that I I guess I
notice over time is people that have a
lot of side projects. Uh they are
usually a good uh good fit for our teams
mostly. I I'm not sure if because we're
like touching multiple things or because
it's just like show that uh you're a
builder like you have a a bias for kind
of actions and just just build stuff. Um
but I I feel like that's something that
I value. Like I one of the question that
I usually ask is like what's the side
project you're mostly proud of? Uh is is
there one that like you will be very
very proud and do you want to explain?
Uh what were the challenges why you
built it in the first place? And this is
like one of the question that gives give
me like a good insight in the
personality of uh of of a person of a
developer. Are there any specific roles
that you're hiring for?
>> Yeah. Yeah. So different different
roles. And right now like we're always
looking for kind of strong rust
low-level engineer for the work on the
optimization of um of the femoral
validator and um full stack as well and
deal uh that are more like on gluing
together the infrastructure with uh uh
who is building the the apps in in the
games or financial products on of of the
infrastructure.
>> That's awesome. If you can share the
after this, if you could share the job
description, we will make sure to add it
along with the video. We'll list it in
the description so that
>> absolutely
>> the devs watching can apply.
>> Absolutely. Thanks.
>> Awesome. Thank you so much for joining
us, Gabriel. Uh and also
would you would you like to share
anything about how people can get
involved apart from the jobs? Uh what
can people build on top of magic block?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Um I guess two
ways. One is building uh like you can
just take the example or the tutorial
that are available or on our
documentation or on the GitHub repo and
try to build u an MVP or a product on
top of it. We occasionally do acton uh
we sponsor coliseum and so like if um if
you want to join one of those that's
definitely like a good time where
everyone is building and vibes are great
for building a product. Um otherwise uh
there's also um the path of trying to go
through the uh issues that we have open
in uh multiple repository could be at
the SDK level or at the validator level
and uh you know try to look for first uh
good issues and and and take it from
there. Um could also just be commending
or proposing an architecture. I guess
that's a good way to start. Um we
started uh releasing all the major uh
design and architecture that we're going
to implement as a GitHub discussion uh
what we call MIMD like following closely
the CMD of Salana and and so if you go
there you will you will find like
outline um measure factoring measuring
like features that we're implementing
right now any any comment any uh
interaction there is is welcome
and and yeah than any any other like uh
could be using the product building a
product or contributing to the infra
anyone is is welcome and yeah looking
forward to see more more people uh
contributing and joining our ecosystem.
>> That's fantastic. Thank you so much for
joining us today Gabriel and it's been
such a fantastic conversation.
>> My pleasure.
>> Thank you so much. Thank you so much
once again.
>> Thanks Jack. My pleasure.